docs: new product messaging for marketing launch (#52319)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/teleport-policy/integrations/ssh-keys-scan.mdx

## Prerequisites

- A running Teleport Enterprise cluster v15.4.16/v16.2.0 or later.
- Identity Security enabled for your account.
- A Linux/macOS server running the Teleport SSH Service.
- Devices enrolled in the [Teleport Device Trust feature](../../access-controls/device-trust/device-trust.mdx).
- For Jamf Pro integration, devices must be enrolled in Jamf Pro and have the signed `tsh` binary installed.
- For self-hosted clusters:
  - Ensure that an up-to-date `license.pem` is used in the Auth Service configuration.
  - A running Access Graph node v1.22.0 or later.
Check the [Identity Security page](../teleport-policy.mdx) for details on
how to set up Access Graph.
  - The node running the Access Graph service must be reachable from the Teleport Auth Service.

## Step 1/3. Enable SSH Key Scanning

To enable SSH Key Scanning, you need to configure the Teleport cluster to scan for SSH authorized keys.

> To enable the SSH Key Scanning feature, edit the Teleport Zero Trust Access Graph configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the SSH Key Scanning feature, edit the Teleport Identity Security Access Graph configuration file:
```
